Hey, good morning, evening, family. Thank
you for joining me tonight.
I haven't been on in a while. I've been
just seeking the Lord and asking Him,
basically, what's coming, praying over
our nation, praying over the things that
I last live,
all the heaviness of that.
It has been a major spiritual warfare
concerning all this stuff, and I truly
appreciate all y'all's prayers for my
family.
There's a lot of things that are
happening in the spirit realm concerning
us that I just don't go into.
And so, I just want to tell you all
thank you for your prayers for us.
It means a lot, and I can feel them.
And so, I just wanted to say thank you
for praying for my family, thank you for
praying for us.
When you poke the devil in the eye,
you get a reaction,
and that's all I'll say about it. And so,
I just wanted to say
first and foremost, thank you for
praying for us.
There is a lot going on, and I say that a
lot, but it seems as we keep getting
into this, it's an escalation. It just
keeps escalating and escalating, just
like from the 23rd.
We see the two-state solution. They're
talking about all this stuff, talking
about Israel, Gaza, talking about peace.
But at the same time, I warned you all
that there would be an attempt to have an
event at Sydney at the Opera House.
And if you go back to the videos back
whenever I spoke about it, I told you
that there would be a major event tried to
take place at the Opera House.
Well, today or yesterday, can you
play that video?
There were all kinds of threats at that
Opera House, and they had a
massive protest event in
Australia
concerning Palestine and Israel.
And so, this is
prophecy unfolding. This is a watchman
unfolding. This is all happening just as
we speak, this stuff I told you. I
saw
that
if we did
not pray, there would be major
explosions and things taking place in
Sydney,
and it would be around that Opera House.
And I've warned of this for
several months, warning about
this and telling you what I saw
concerning
an uprising of anti-Semitism and
protests
and things happening in Australia. So, do
you have the video ready, son?
Well, he can't get it working;
it's like frozen or something.
But it's happening in Australia. And so,
we see, if you look it up, you can find
it yourself, but there's a lot of
protests
and a lot of major uprising
going on there right now. And at
the same time, in Italy,
I believe I saw a two-million-man march in
Europe concerning
the two-state solution and the
Palestinian rioting, and all
this
stuff happening even in Rome. So, another
major incident happened in Rome this
week. Then we see another bomb
threat. We even had a bomb threat in New
York this week, and I thought that was
kind of interesting. It was around the
subway system, and then whatever we've
been praying over
the Hudson River.
From
what I understood, somebody's
wanting to introduce 40,000 gallons or
more of toxic stuff into the Hudson as
we're praying this nuclear stuff into
the Hudson. So, we're praying over the
Hudson. I thought that was
interesting, because the Lord keeps
bringing up the Hudson River, praying
over the Hudson River, and then they
say, 'We're going to release all this
radioactive
stuff into the water.'And I
thought, why would anybody do that?
That just doesn't make any sense, you
know? Why would you want to pollute your
own water?
I
just don't get it. But, you know,
people don't make sense in a lot of
places. I just thought that was
really interesting that they were
talking about that pollution in the
water. Do you have that article? Could
you show them that? Move on.
And so, go down. I want to show them
this about the Sharia law.
Go right there.
Right there. Go and show them. So, the
only states that
have come against Sharia law are
Louisiana, Tennessee, and Utah
that have really come against it. So, in
progress, what they're working on,
all the red is a definite no, and then
the green-looking color, they're
working on it. So, Oklahoma, Texas,
Kansas, Arkansas. Pretty
amazing, you know, that we have
these great governors coming against
that so we won't have Sharia law. But I
thought it was kind of cool
that that gives you a visual so you can
see it. That's what we're praying into.
That's what we will pray into
tonight, that our governors,
our state senators, and our
representatives in our own states
will
rise up and ban this
from taking place in our states.
We don't want that going on here.
And so,
pretty interesting, I think. Oh,
there's Florida, too. Florida stood
against it—tried
but failed.
Tried but failed.
Oh, I didn't realize that was tried but
failed.
Yes. Working on it is green. Working on it,
green.
Tried but failed. So, basically,
Florida, Louisiana,
Mississippi, all those blues,
they tried but they failed. So, they
have people in there that are
liberal, obviously, that want it.
So, we pray for all these
other states that are
going to try to stand against Sharia
law. We don't want that in our states.
We don't want that kind of...
I know I'm not really familiar with all
that it entails, but I know that I don't
want it. I want us to be a Christian
state. I want us to stand
like a backbone, like a crowbar for the
Lord Jesus Christ in these last days,
that we would be a place of revival,
that we would be a place of great
outpouring of the Spirit of God. Not
saying that all the others that
are red won't have that,
but I'm just saying, as for me and my
house, what we stand for, even what we
stand for on this channel, we stand for
the Lord Jesus Christ.
So, I think it's interesting,
the signs of the times and the coming of
the Lord Jesus Christ. Where are we?
And this is the kind of stuff that we're
seeing.
We're seeing major protests in these
cities all around the world, as you see.
Do you have those articles? Major
protests.
And we see all those major
things happening all around. We see
they're getting
ready for earthquakes. They're talking
about earthquakes. They're talking about
all the things that we're seeing
in prayer ahead of time.
So, what's the most amazing part, ladies
and gentlemen, is we see it months
before we see it in the news.
We are the news. And that's what the
Lord told us we needed to be. We're not
reporters.
We're not going and
praying about the news.
We're praying before the news happens,
making a place of preparation, telling
the people what's coming,
so that we're watchmen on the wall.
So, as we see this last
prayer call,
I saw some things that were very dark,
and
it was very heavy, a lot of the
things that the Lord has shown me. So,
I have really had to go by myself
with my wife and my kids to really pray
over things, because He would not allow
me to let it be public.
We see more SIM cards unfolding in
New Jersey. I don't know how many
hundreds of more SIM cards with a new
little station they found again,
with more acceleration of this. So,
then you see that. Do you see that, son?
Did
you show them that? That's the
protest. Where is that at? In Italy.
Italy.
Okay, this is Italy. There are over
two
million people in Italy?
Spain.
Barcelona.
Barcelona, Spain. So, there are over
two
million people protesting and doing that
today, right?
Yeah,
today. This happened today,
or October 4th?
October 4th. Yesterday.
Do you see how many people? This is an
uprising. I told you great anti-Semitism
will rise up in the days ahead, great
persecution will come,
and then it will spread to the church.
It won't just stop
with the Jews. I saw it coming
against Christian thinking,
conservative thinking:
a great persecution. I saw an
olive
press
coming on the church in the days ahead.
And you know, when you feel
like—I
said what I have felt privately,
what I don't get into—the pressure, it
makes you, in the natural, want to retreat
from
what you're doing and go, 'Why hold on?
Why am I doing
this?'But
then you realize God's called you,
and God asked you to do it. Because I told
Dee,
I said, 'You know, it wouldn't be
nothing to just push the button and walk
away because of what we're feeling and what's
happening.'But
there is
accountability by the Holy Spirit of
what He's asked you to do in these last
days. And I said, 'Fear God, not man.
Fear God, not man. Fear God, not man,
for
what they threaten, how they threaten
you.'When
you're uncovering things that are
very heavy,
that weight of threats, the weight
of persecution, the weight of
feeling unsafe,
nobody's ever going to understand that
until they walk it.
And unless you've been on a public
platform, and as fast as
this has grown, it's really easy to be
in
the peanut gallery and say, 'Well, I
could do it,'until it starts hitting
your walls.
It's easy to say that. That is what I'm trying
to tell y'all. Until that starts
happening to you, and you've got demonic
stuff going on and you've got this, and
you go,
'Well, my goodness,
we
obviously struck a
nerve.'But
it
is,
like I said, it has
been a very interesting several days for
us.
But I just want to tell you all,
because
I saw we will
give an
account unto the Lord one day
for everything He's called you to do and
everything you chose not to do because
of what He asked you to do,
if that makes sense.
Every one of us
will give an account to the Father one
day. No matter what, it may be the
smallest thing in your eyes and it may
be the largest thing, but every one of
us will give an account to Him.
And the Lord said, 'Fear Me, not
man.'If
they can take the life from your
lungs, if they try to do all these
things, get into Psalm 91. Get into 'The
Lord is my shepherd, I shall not
want,'Psalm
23. Get into
'A thousand shall fall at your side
and ten thousand at your right
hand,'because
it's just going to escalate and
increase.
This is a low level compared to what's
going to happen.
We are in a time like we've never seen
before.
And the Lord said things are about to...
You think this right here is
something that you're seeing,
all that is going on right here? These
are
little things
compared to the escalation of where we
are in the end times. My people need to
get ready for what is about to take
place—a
great shaking to awaken.
We're just barely at
the very top of the surface of things
for the beginning of sorrows.
We're just seeing this, folks.
And that's what He told me. He said,
'Brandon, do you not realize on the 23rd of
September
is the point of no return?
Now things are going to get radical.'Do
you understand?
Do you understand? We
saw some things, but we're about to see
some major
things—signs
of the times of the coming of the
Lord Jesus Christ. And that's why He
told me, 'You pray against the
plague that's trying to come.
Pray for protection over the nation,
for a great uprising of anti-Semitism,
for they have to defeat the eagle so
that they can get to Israel.
They have to try to be an
infestation
of their radical
Islamic ideas
to infiltrate America to change it
within.'We
must defend the eagle.
And the Lord was showing me the
crippling of the eagle, trying to—all
of
what's come across the
border, trying to influence not
just with fear tactics, but infiltrate
the politics and the very
structure of America altogether,
what we stand for,
our Constitution,
challenging it with different ideas and
their
theology
of what they believe: having our women
walk around with those tarps on their
heads,
not eating pork, not doing things. We
shouldn't eat pork anyway, but I mean,
it's really toxic. As we see
this man that was eating pork in England,
and they saw him eating pork
in England—and I can't play the video
because it has so much foul language,
but they beat him
because he was eating pork on the side
of the road.
It's not funny. Forgive me. I just
thought
how ridiculous it's getting.
It's not funny, but I try to find
the humor in things. I think this is
getting out of control. These
people are—I mean, you're going to beat
somebody for eating pork? They just went
nuts on him, and
they're
serious.
Yeah.
So you see, they are very
upset about it. I don't know if he
was
eating bacon or ham, but whatever.
But
if it starts over there,
it will try to spread over here.
You think, 'Well, it will never happen
here,'but
I'm sure they thought the same
thing.
As you get radicalized in your mind and
you get your government to
start—for
instance,
New York City.
If you get that mayor
that everybody's thinking is the
greatest thing, 'Well, he's going to
give us free healthcare and give us
food stores all over the place, give us
free food and
free...'Folks,
there's nothing free. Somebody's
got to pay for it. There
are
no free medicines; somebody
is
paying for it. Right? Do you
understand?
'Well, you know, he's going to
give...'You
know, I saw 'F the rich,''tax
the rich,'all
about attacking the rich. The
rich people are the ones that made the
jobs for the poor people to have a job,
but they want to attack the rich and
tell them, 'F the rich,'and do all these
bad things, and want to kill all the rich
people. And they're the ones that
started a business, just like
anybody
else has the opportunity in America to
start something.
If you just put a little oomph behind
something, whether it's eBay or Poshmark
or like us, you can take nothing and
make it into something.
But it just takes a little bit of
backbone to say, 'Hey, this is what I
want to do, what God's called me to
do,'and
He'll breathe on your business.
But most people want to sit by with a
welfare mentality and have their hand
out saying, 'I want a free hot dog,'or, 'I
want a free something. Give me my free
cell phone. I want free medical. I want
free this. I want free that.'But they
don't want to put the effort into
doing it.
And that's ridiculous.
If you don't work, you don't eat. That's
just what I believe.
If you don't put your boat
in
motion and work hard like everybody has
the opportunity to,
by the sweat of your brow, to say,
'Listen...'I
believe that God will
anoint your hands to prosper in every area
of your life.
But
a
percentage—that's
a better way to say it. The Lord said,
'It's not most,
don't exaggerate.'A percentage of people
have a welfare mentality thinking, 'Hey,
it
should be free to me because I've
had a hard life.'Who hasn't had a hard
life?
Who hasn't had challenges?
I'm not a victim.
I choose, even with the education
that I have—and
I
barely have a GED
because I struggled all through,
being a janitor most of my
life and doing all that I
have—I
told myself
regardless, I'm going to come up
with an idea, either detailing cars or
doing... and then God gave us eBay and
Poshmark,
selling on those platforms, finding
stuff at thrift stores.
You
have to have a can-do
attitude. Even if you sell a pair of
jeans and you bought it for 50 cents and
you sell it for $5, it's a better day.
Do you see what I'm saying?
Even if you only sell ten items in that
day and you really tried hard, and
you found it, and you spent maybe two
bucks and you sold it for less than 100,
it's still a good day.
And if you do that every day, that turns
really nice, and then it multiplies the
more you work at it.
But my point is that there are a lot
of times I feel like people—like I see
on here,
our government shut down still. We're
going into like three or four days of
this, and they say, 'Well, we want to
give
free healthcare out to everybody,
to the immigrants that are coming
over.'We
need to give free
healthcare."And
I'm thinking, "That's absurd. You
don't give free healthcare to me.
Are y'all kidding me?
Well, we should give them free
healthcare."No.
No, you shouldn't give them
free
healthcare.
You shouldn't. You know, I don't even
believe that we need free
healthcare.
And I'm an American citizen that pays
taxes.
That's absurd.
Nothing is free.
It costs people something.
You work hard.
I don't ever expect
anybody just to give you a handout.
You know what I'm saying? Unless
God's put it on their heart
to sow a seed. That's different. But
I just don't understand the mentality of
people. And I watch it on these
videos, and Braden shows them to me because I
don't watch a lot of the news. I don't
like to filter it, but Braden, he
is in it all day long. He's a little news
guy. And I told him, he goes, "Dad, did
you see this?"I said, "Wow,
this is
crazy."Remember
the word that I told you
to watch the opera house?
Tell us in the comments right now. Do
you remember when I told you all about
the opera house and I said, "Watch the
opera house.
Watch what happens with the opera house
and the uprising that will take place
there."That's
what I was seeing right
there.
Isn't that amazing?
It's right there in the news. Everything
I tell you is coming. Watch the opera
house.
Does anybody remember that?
We can make a short about it if you
don't, because it's there.
And I got video after
video of warning you of
things coming just like that are
going to escalate in a way that is going
to be shock and awe in
the days ahead.
And I saw a storm around Benjamin. And I saw
a storm around Israel on all sides
coming.
And I saw biological attacks coming to
Israel. They say that peace and safety
is
coming on right now off this Gaza and
Hamas.
I'm telling you, they're plotting and
planning something much worse than
October 7th is what I saw.
And the Lord said this will happen in
the middle of the night.
They're moving in the night.
And the Lord told us that they will try
to actually take out Benjamin.
If anybody understands what I'm trying
to say.
And I even saw them trying to take out
Zelensky,
trying to put in a proxy government
that's pro-Ukraine,
pro-Russia,
and that they would have a new face. And
it was an elderly man. I saw him, that
was pro-Ukraine, pro-Russia in the days
ahead.
If everybody remembers that, do you
remember that?
And I think that's interesting because I
have these glimpses and I'm able to see
way up in the future
of something that they're plotting and
planning. And I even remember
who was over it and who did it,
but I can't say their names on here
because the Lord actually showed me the
faces of the men that were over it.
There's a lot of things I can't say
anymore because I have so much
different law enforcement. I try to
watch what I say. I don't want to cause
fear in people's hearts, but I still
deliver the word the best I can to
you of what the Lord is saying.
Last time, I was not able to
really deliver a lot of that. All I
was able to do is touch the surface.
Everything I was shown
Wednesday night was
wow.
And
I didn't know how to really process it
by myself. And it took me all these days
praying over our nation because of what
I've seen—an enemy within,
a Red Dawn experience,
Pearl Harbor.
And I gave keywords like Timothy McVeigh
and things like that to pray about, and there
are
so many of you all that are
mature enough to handle it, and you
prayed and helped me. And it's not
over
praying over this beautiful nation, but
it's working as we saw bomb
threats in—where did you have the bomb
threats?
Yes. Which one?
Was in
New Jersey
and they shut down. They said it was
all okay. But it goes identically
alongside what I told you we had to pray
for.
This is a big deal.
This is it. And I thought, isn't that
interesting?
I don't know if they
found the person who's giving the
threats, but this is the same subway
system, the bus, the transit, the
systems of how everybody travels in
these major cities, praying over our
protection. Do you have it?
Just show them. I have it on—yeah, that's fine. You don't have to show them. Just show them the article.
They can see it.
"Times Square subway trains canceled,
NYPD on the
scene."Do
you understand? This is what we are
praying into.
This just happened. This is what
I told you. I said I have an urgency. We
must pray right now. This is what we
were
praying over and I couldn't get into all
of it.
Do you all see?
I have a big responsibility
and the Lord keeps telling me, "You must
pray.
You must
pray."And
as we're able to divert things, stop
things, we saw more, like I said, of
the SIM cards being uncovered.
An underground networking of
communication and chatter that is
beyond what you all can
comprehend,
from New York to Seattle.
It covers the whole nation.
And I saw more of those little cards.
I saw lots of them.
And they were in lots of different
cities.
They uncovered one thing in New
York—well,
several little things—but this is
a vast network that spans throughout.
Then we see our military, and I
warned you.
I warned you of a rat within.
Remember I said there's a rat in the
White House, there's a rat in the
Pentagon,
there's a rat in the
law
enforcement,
there's a rat in the judges.
This right here is them obviously taking
prayer. We're praying into this, saying
that they want to make each one of
these men have a polygraph test. 5,000
men go through a polygraph test.
Why? Because they got to figure out
who's a rat.
And
there's
rats. And I said, "The man
that I see has
all these badges, just like
that."And
I said, "There's
somebody in there."And remember when I
told you, did I say that publicly?
Yeah,
I did.
Yeah. About rats within the Pentagon.
I know. But what the man doing that
and
deciphering code? Yeah, like
I made that public. Okay,
I have to go over it
because
he's the only one. He's my scribe.
He writes everything down.
You
said you sent it to family.
Okay. So I saw the man in
the Pentagon taking a deciphered message
and giving it to somebody in Europe,
and then Europe was giving it to another
person in another area. So as they
were communicating, it was a three-way
tie
delivering secret information out of the
Pentagon into other
countries—a
rat within.
And the Lord told us that, remember?
Like I said, I don't remember some
of the stuff I make public, and I can't
even believe I did that. But since I
already did, it's there.
But I go, okay,
that was really probably not wise. But
we see it. It's on the news. There's
another article. All these guys, it's not
just
about them saying you're too fat
and you got to lose weight,
or about being homosexual or
whatever. It's something
deeper. What was on the 100,000 SIM
cards that they found?
This is a much bigger picture,
a much bigger picture.
We have an enemy within.
And there's some things I really
wish I could say because I'm telling
you, these guys, there are some evil
people out there. Boy,
we have some evil people out there.
Let's take communion and let's just
pray. I've kept you all long enough.
It's already way
too late. I came on—we had a guest
speaker at our church tonight,
and
I try to fill myself up by
listening.
Nancy Dufresne, healing evangelist.
You know, it's a blessing whenever
a different kind of
anointing comes to your church, but
she's long-winded compared to a lot.
So we're here a lot later. I didn't get
to go, I watch it online.
So I keep myself full.
I just love you all.
I truly am so thankful for every
single one of you.
You've made such a difference in our
life by praying for us
and being a part of our prayer family.
I'm believing God that there's something
major about to happen,
that Megan is going to be healed this
month.
I just believe there's something major;
I can feel it. When the demonic pressure
comes on so strong
and you feel what I have felt and what's
happened,
you know that a breakthrough is right
around the corner.
He comes to test
it—the
devil does—because he sees
something major is about to happen for
your life.
It's like the one-yard line that Pastor
Chip always talks about:
the bigger the linemen come out whenever
you're
first-and-goal.
You're about ready to make a touchdown,
but he sends his bigger devils out
to keep you from getting the
touchdown. And you may be first-and-goal,
and you've
got four downs left. And you're
saying, 'Hey, I
can
hit this thing four times.'But the
devil tried to knock you down at the
first-and-goal.
Either you have a backbone, stand up,
and say, 'I'm pushing through, and I'm
going to get that
touchdown.
I'm going to
get my
victory,'because
he knows that you're
first-and-goal.
He knows you're first-and-goal. And
that's where we are right now with a lot
of people in the victory of their lives.
He knows
that
there's an expiration date to your
problem, that your
victory is coming.
Do you understand? There's an expiration
date to it. And that's what I'm trying
to tell you all: he knows when
you're about to get your major
breakthrough. And I can feel it,
that there's something major about to
happen in the body of Christ.
And the Lord said to me when I was
going through all this this week, he said,
'I'm watching. What are you going to do?
Are you going to turn tail and run?
Are you going
to practice what you preach, even
when
all this stuff is privately
coming against you?
Are you going to turn tail and
run?'Because
your flesh gets
a little—I
could physically,
in the spirit realm, hear
the roar.
The roar.
You know the Bible says the devil is a
roaring lion seeking whom he may devour.
He couldn't devour, but he's roaring.
And the roar, you know, when you
hear—if
you've ever been to the zoo and
heard
how loud a lion's roar is,
it's very intimidating. It echoes
through the whole zoo. You
can be at one point in the zoo, because we
have a really big zoo and a big lion
exhibit here in Oklahoma City.
The lion is so loud when that lion is
going,
you can hear it. It echoes and vibrates
through the air all throughout the whole
zoo,
and it's massive, and you go, 'Whoa,
what is that?'But you can hear it, and
it's so loud, it's intimidating.
Clear to the parking lot, and you're
going, 'What in the world is that? That
sounds weird.'And it's so loud, and it
vibrates, and you can feel the power of
that lion's roar.
When he's growling,
making that growl
sound, you can hear it.
And the Lord reminded me
as I was dealing with some stuff,
he said, 'You hear the roar, don't
you?'I
said, 'Yeah, I do.
My flesh is a little scared right now,
Lord, in the natural.
I need you to give me
comfort.'He
said, 'Are you going to turn tail and
run, Brennon? Are you
going to run from the roaring lion
seeking whom he may devour?
Are
you going to
run?'I
said, 'Lord,
my flesh wants to,
but I fear God.
I fear you, Lord.
I don't fear
man.'When
I hear this roar, and
it's so loud,
it's literal. I can hear it in the
spirit.
And I sat there, and I could hear the
chatter in the spirit realm all outside.
And my little girl came
and said,
'Daddy,
what are we going to do?'because
they
could see I was acting a little
off the last couple of days.
She goes, 'You know, I was praying for you
last night in the spirit. All night long,
I prayed in tongues. I was praying for
you in tongues,
Daddy.'And
she goes, 'What are we going to do,
Daddy?'I
said, 'Well, we're going to anoint the
house with oil,
honey.'And
she goes, 'Okay, well, give me my
own oil.'So, I gave her one of Billy
Burke's oils he gave me.
She was so excited; she treasured it. She
took it, went in there, and
started going, 'I plead the blood. I
plead the blood.'She was anointing
our house with oil.
It
made me proud.
It's real to us.
It's real to my kids:
the power of the blood of Jesus
when the storm winds blow on your house
and you can feel the demonic,
and you know you've poked him in the eye
and
there's so much
going on that I will never talk about on
here.
But either you believe it or you don't.
Either you believe like he said: you
either believe in Psalms 91 in these
last days
and you stand and say what I've told you
to say, or you don't.
You either get Psalms 91 down inside of
you and Psalms 23. I told you, if you do
not get Psalms 91...
I need my peppermint,
sorry.
When I start crying, it causes drainage.
Sorry, y'all,
I get too emotional. It's real to us.
Like I said,
you may be watching a video,
you may be watching a live stream right
now,
but what I'm doing is something
that most people would never have the
courage to do. I can assure you
there's a lot of lip service, and there
are
a lot of things that I think a lot of
people say, 'Oh yeah, I do
that.'And
when the Lord looked at me and he
pointed his finger at me and he said,
'Are you willing to die for me?
Are you willing to stand on the wall and
tell the people the hard things?
I've called you to say the hard things
that no one else will say.
I've called you to warn my people that
I'm coming.
There will be great reward to this, but
it will
cost.'And
he said, 'You haven't even hardly
done anything yet for what I've really
called you to
do.'And
I was like, 'Man, oh yeah,
Lord, let's do
this.'And
it's so easy to say that
when
you feel the
anointing and everything is going. But
when the anointing lifts,
and you're standing there and you go,
'Did you abandon
me?'as
the lion's roaring outside. And I
told D, 'The lion's roaring.
I don't feel him right now.
I don't feel the Holy Ghost. I feel like
he walked
off.'And
I'm trying to figure out, and I'm going,
'What's going
on?'But
that's a test.
It's a test.
'Will you turn tail and run, or do you
fear
me?'And
that's why I try to be as
real with you all as I can be.
It's easy to do it when the
spotlight's on and everybody's like,
'Yeah, you can do this.'But in the
stillness of the night,
in the
bed when the lights are out
and you're looking around in a dark
room
and you feel demonic royalty outside,
principalities, and you hear the roaring
lion—you
hear that and you know that
you've done something in the spirit
realm to really tick some things
off—and
you sit there and you go,
'The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not
want.
A
thousand shall fall at my side and ten
thousand
at my right hand, but nothing
shall come nigh me.
They will come at me one way,
and before my face they will be defeated
and flee before me seven ways.
My God is my abundant supply.
He's my ever-present
help in a time of need.'Even
when
you don't see it, either
you believe it or you don't.
It's easy to do it when you're on
the high,
but when you go through the valley and
it feels so alone,
when
you don't have the
elders calling, you don't have the
people trying to pour into you,
it's just you and the Holy Ghost. And
the devil says, 'I'm going to kill
you,'yelling
as loud as he can,
and you're going,
'I'm going to do this, I'm going to do
that.'And
you sit there, and the
voice of
the spirit
realm is so loud, and you're going, 'No,
no weapon formed against me is going to
prosper.'I
refuse to take these thoughts.
I refuse to let the enemy come in
like a flood because the Spirit of the
Lord raises a standard against him.
The name of the Lord is a strong tower,
and the righteous run into it, and they
are safe.
Thus saith the Lord,
no weapon formed against me will
prosper.
And
like I said, Psalm 91 became really
real this week as I kept reading it, and
I've been meditating on it and thinking
about each little passage, thinking
about what He said about me,
regardless of what I reveal on this
thing and warning you all about
the
enemy within
from the gangs and the things that
I've seen.
This is much darker than what you'll
ever realize.
This is a level of darkness that I had
no idea and corruption that was in this
country.
It is massive. It's like looking at
Mount Everest or
the tallest mountain
in the world, and you're looking at it
going, 'Oh my gosh, how did it get this
bad?'But
we only see the surface
as American citizens. But you don't
realize how bad the corruption is deep
within
and how far it goes.
And you go,
'How did it get this
way?'And
the Lord showed me. He said,
'Brandon,
what's wrong with America
is the church.
If the pastors will preach
the uncompromising word of God
and not some kind of skinny jeans and
fog machines shaking, you know, like a
30-minute sermon, a little bit of a weak, limp-wrist
word—you
got some
pastor that's up there preaching
something out of AI, and you got the AI
going on and on and on.
Thank you, son. I really appreciate
that.
They ain't even preaching the word.
They're just preaching an AI
sermon.'The
Lord even showed us that, remember?
And after I see all this
stuff and the Lord shows me, He says,
'If you want your America back, it
starts in the church, and then it spreads
to the
home.'And
it is a moral decay.
It's the small foxes that spoil the
vine. He said, 'Brandon, it starts with
the church first, for judgment begins in
the house of the Lord first. But you're
wanting to change politics. You're
wanting to change all this, Brandon.
What you're seeing, all this came out of
the church not doing what they're
supposed to do and taking their
authority.
Everything that I'm showing you right
now with the cancer that is within the
nation
that is about to take your nation
down—you
do not realize
what truly was averted just by having
Donald Trump in for the next three and
a half
years that we have left of him.
If Kamala would, I'm telling you, we
would have been done.
You say, 'Oh, Brandon, I don't believe
that.'You
don't know how bad it was.
He is the tree in the road.
Donald Trump is giving us a window.
And you say, 'Well, you seem real
right.'Yes,
I'm more right-wing than
anything. I'm telling you, I stand by
God's
moral values. I don't try
to be political, folks, but at least
some of them go that way.
Not all of
them. There's RINOs. There's
bad people. I'm telling you, I know who
they are.
I'm sure a lot of you do, too.
But we have one that's not a perfect man
by no means.
He is compromised. He has all kinds of
stuff in his life, but that's who we had
to work with. And God said, 'I chose
him for right now, and his name's Donald
Trump.'Not
perfect,
but God can use somebody that just has a
heart for the country.
Some of it's probably not good.
He's not all good, I'm sure,
but he's better than anybody else that's
been in there for a long time,
okay?
So, we stand and we pray for him because
we need him to fix things.
If
he can turn things over the next three and
a half
years, if we can get a red
wave again in 2026,
we have an opportunity to see some
more good stuff. But I'm telling you, if
Kamala would have been in there, folks,
I'm telling you by what I have seen,
America, it was TKO.
But God said, 'I've given you a three and
a half
year window now. What will you do
with it, church?
What will you do with it,
church?'That's
how serious it is right now.
We must expose the corrupt judges,
the corrupt law enforcement, the corrupt
politicians.
There must be a cleansing of the house.
It's like with the polygraph test
that you're seeing here.
5,000 men in our service that you don't
realize how corrupt they are.
Very bad men are in our military
in certain places.
And so that's why I'm trying to tell
you, but it doesn't just
stop.
America is a roadblock for the rest of
the world bringing forth the beast
system.
They are on a fast track
right now
in England
and all these other,
Australia, to get in
social, these IDs and all this digital ID
stuff. It's all coming out as fast as it
can. But America is standing in the way,
I'm telling you. And then when America
goes on that, this thing's going to
steamroll.
We're about to see things that you never
dreamed you'd see. The beginning of
sorrows
started. And I'm telling you, the
point of no return started on the 23rd.
And look at what's happening after the
23rd. It's escalating. It's getting more
and more and more.
So, I'm just trying to tell you it's time
to pray now.
It's getting late, way too late.
But
let's pray. Who wants to go tubing
for a little bit?
You can put that on there.
Can they see that?
Yes. There's
a two
million rally in Italy.
Two
million people.
I told you Italy is fixing to have a major
shaking. What did I tell you about Italy?
I said it will be split with an
earthquake.
I said the Vatican will be shaken and a
major revival will take place in the
Vatican.
Does anybody remember that?
Look at Italy today.
A major shaking's coming to Italy.
So, show them that thing about the
earthquake right there. Can you show
them that? That's pretty interesting.
When you show me that, that's
interesting.
Remember I said I saw part of the land
break off in California and split
off and fell into the water?
It
could devastate California.
Could devastate California. They know
what's coming.
But I said massive earthquakes. Seattle,
British Columbia, all these areas. And
they're trying to warn everybody.
Look at the earthquakes that are coming.
Signs of the times of the coming of the Lord
Jesus Christ. Where are we?
Father, we just thank You, Father, for
the body.
We thank You, Lord, that You died for
us. You rose again on the third day, and
that
Father, we have the victory.
We believe that we receive Your divine
protection over this nation.
We believe we receive, Father, as watchmen
and watchwomen
on the wall,
that we stand in the gap for our nation.
We pray for our president tonight. We
pray for our great nation around the
world. South Korea, to have a major
revival. That China would not infiltrate
South Korea, and that North Korea would
have a major revival within,
that Kim Jong-un would have his day, and
that You said that the Iron Curtain
would come down, O Father,
that we would see a major revival all
throughout South Korea.
And Father, we'll see a major revival
all throughout China,
all throughout Australia, all throughout
the Philippines. We believe, Father,
that You've not done with this great
world yet, that You said, 'One last call,
one major harvest of souls is
coming.'And
when the winds and the storms
blow around us, Father, we stand our
ground. And we thank You, Lord, that You
said, 'Father, peace be still to the
storms.'Father,
I thank You, Lord, for Your
body. I thank You, Lord, that I'm healed
and whole and well. Diana, my wife, is
healed. Braden, Paisley, Megan, Father,
we all walk in divine health. No weapon
formed against us is going to prosper. I
apply the blood of Jesus all
around us, Father, that no weapon formed
against us would prosper.
And I thank You, Lord, for Your angels
that they protect us. They bear
us up in their hands lest we dash our
foot against a stone.
And
we stand, and when all there else to do
is stand, we stand therefore.
And
we take this body in the mighty name of
Jesus. And we give you all the glory,
honor, and praise for all that you've
done already and all that you continue
to do.
For Father, the enemy couldn't take us
out when we were sinners, and he can't
take us out when we're believing
believers.
We're still here.
And God has a plan for us. Even when we
were in our darkest hour and we turned our
back on God, God's never turned his back
on us.
And as a nation, I thank you, God, that
you've never turned your back on this
nation.
Even whenever there's so many that have
turned their back on you, Lord, there's
a remnant of us, Lord, that stand
in
the gap saying, "Father, if there be 50
righteous, have mercy on this
land."There's
a remnant of us, Lord, that
stand in the gap as of tonight. I don't
know how many thousand, Father, but we
believe 6,000 people all around the
world. If there's a remnant of us, Lord,
of
just the 6,000 on here, we say,
God, if there be just 6,000 righteous,
would you spare it?
That we would rise up and ask you, God,
for one last revival from sea to shining
sea all around this world. That we would
see the greatest harvest of souls this
world has ever seen before.
If there just be 6,000 of us, Lord,
asking you for it,
Lord, if you would do it for 10,
there's over six. There's five
at least, maybe a couple of spectators, I
don't know.
But there's many of us that stand on
the wall asking you for the greatest
revival all throughout this world. You
said, Father, that we would preach the
gospel throughout the whole world and
then the end would come.
And Father, I'm asking you right now to
touch the hearts of people right now.
All the wayward people, all the
backward,
backslidden,
on their way to hell Christians. Father,
I thank you, Lord, that you're stirring
in us.
Father, that you've called us and you've
chosen
us for such a time as this. And
when the storms and winds blow, Father, we
stand.
We thank you that
the name of the Lord is a
strong tower and the righteous run into
it and they are safe.
We take this body right now in the name
of Jesus
and we give you all the glory. We give
you all the praise, Father, for what you
did for us,
that we will see the greatest move of God
this world has ever seen before
in the name of Jesus.
Take the
body,
Lord. We take the blood
and we apply the blood of Jesus over us.
We apply the blood of Jesus over our
house.
finances.
We apply the blood of Jesus, Father,
that the angels of the Lord are camped
around and about us.
We have angels that are bigger
than any demonic. There's more that is
with us than there is with
them.
And we thank you, Father, for the blood.
And we apply the blood, Father.
And we fear God, not man.
For there will be a day that every knee
shall bow and every tongue will confess
that Jesus Christ is Lord.
There will be a day when every knee will
bow, Lord. There will be a day in heaven
and in earth
and in hell that every knee will bow
and every tongue will confess that Jesus
Christ is Lord.
We believe, Father, that that's what
your word says, that even in hell they
will bow their knee. Every devil in
hell will bow their knee and they will
confess that Jesus Christ is Lord.
Every knee will bow. Every knee—it didn't
say just talking about
humans; he's talking about every knee,
everyone.
Jesus Christ is Lord.
He's not just Lord; he's Lord over
me.
He's Lord over my house. He's Lord over
my finances. He's Lord over my mind.
He's Lord over me and my children and my
wife. He is Lord over us.
And as for me and my house, we will
serve the Lord.
I'm not moved by what I see. I'm not
moved by what I feel. I'm moved by what
the word says.
And if God be for me,
who can be against me?
So I thank you, Lord.
Father,
every tongue that rises against me, we
condemn it. Every word, every curse,
every witchcraft plot, every satanic
incantation, whatever it may be,
everything that tries to come
against us, Father, it falls at our
feet.
Father, I thank you for the blood.
I thank you, Father, for every plot,
every plan, every pursuit is
under our feet in the name of Jesus.
For Jesus Christ is our Lord.
We take the blood right now, Father. And
I thank you, Lord, for the blood that
covers us.
Thank you, Lord, for your watching
over every family here tonight. Thank
you, Lord, that we're always in the
right place at the right time doing what
you've asked us to do.
And we give you all the glory, honor,
and praise for it in Jesus'name. Now, God,
I pray over anything you want to show
me.
And I thank you, Lord, that I'm not
snared
by any satanic or demonic force.
I apply the blood of Jesus
over anything that I see, that nothing
if it's not from you.
If it's not from you, we will not see
it.
I thank you, Lord, that we have
a discerning
of spirits. We're able to
tell when the devil's trying to mess
with us in
Jesus'name.
Thank you, Lord, for the blood.
Thank you, Lord, for the blood. You have
to thank him for the blood. There
is
power,
power, oh wonderworking power in the
blood
of the Lamb.
There is power, power, oh wonderworking
power in the precious blood of the Lamb.
Oh, there is power, power, oh
wonderworking power in the blood
of the Lamb.
Oh, there is power, power, oh
wonderworking power in the precious
blood of the Lamb.
Would you be free
from your burden of sin? There's power
in the blood, power in the blood. Do you
believe that?
There's wonderworking power in the
blood.
There is power, power, oh wonderworking
power in the blood
of the Lamb. Oh, there is power, power,
oh wonderworking power in the precious
blood of the Lamb.
Thank you, Father.
Would you be free from your burden of
sin? There's power in the blood, power in
the blood.
Thank you, Father.
Father, we worship you
tonight.
We thank you, Lord. There's power in the
blood,
there's power in the blood of Jesus. There
is
wonderworking power in the precious
blood,
for it's what washes us white and clean.
It's what gives us strength from day to
day.
It's the blood,
it's the blood of Jesus. And we apply
the blood of Jesus over us.
It's the blood
that never loses its power, for it
reaches to the highest mountain and it
flows to the lowest valley.
We believe, Father, the blood of Jesus
covers us tonight. We believe, Father,
the blood covers our households and we
sleep uninterrupted and unhindered by
any satanic or demonic force.
We believe, Father, that you've
called us and chosen us for such a time
as this.
And that, Father, we're in the
midst, in
the palm of your hand and the
hollow
of the hand, and
we're
resting in that secret place.
We're resting in the secret place of the
most high, abiding under the shadow of
the almighty.
Thank you, Father.
Wonderworking power in the blood.
Thank you, Father, for our president
tonight.
We lift him up before you, God, that he
has godly wisdom to run this country.
We thank you, Lord, that every plot,
every plan, every pursuit on his life,
Father, is foiled. It will not bear
fruit over his grandchildren, his
children, over Don Jr., Eric, the girls,
over Barron. Father, I thank you, Lord,
that Melania, all of them, they're all
protected by the blood of Jesus Christ.
That a thousand should fall at their
side and 10,000 at their right hand, but
it will not come nigh them. I apply the
blood of Jesus over the Trump
family, over our nation, and over every
plot, every plan, over every
terrorist activity. We plead the blood
of Jesus over this nation.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that
the angels of the Lord are helping our
law enforcement out. I call an
uncovering
of every rat in the Pentagon
and the rat in the White House, every
rat that would be in law enforcement in
the NYPD or the LAPD or all of them.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that every
rat, every crooked agent would be
exposed in Jesus'name
and
brought out and fired.
Father, I thank you, Lord,
every treasonous act would be exposed in
Jesus'name.
That the hand of the Lord, even on our
judges, Father, that the hand of the
Lord would be upon our judges
all throughout Europe.
Father, that the law enforcement,
Father, all that's going on right now,
and the politicians—we know that
there's
a great escalation
for the end times because your Son is
coming.
But I thank you for that great shaking
to awaken.
I'm going to pray in the spirit
concerning this because I just had in the
vision, while I'm talking to
y'all, I saw the light coming upon the
world again
as a great wave of revival is about to
come.
I call the revival in
Jesus'name.
Every time I see it,
every time I get that glimpse, I see the
darkness upon the earth. And as the
darkness is upon the earth, the
light comes
and Jesus comes to set the captives
free.
There is a major event that's about to
take place worldwide.
There
is
a major event that's going to
shake the world.
Everything you know is about to change.
Everything you've ever known is about to
change.
A great shaking to awaken
for the greatest harvest of souls this
world has ever seen before is right at
our door.
We're there.
The first domino is about to fall.
I know I keep saying this, but I have
to keep saying what he tells me to tell
you.
I must warn you: you must get your house
in order.
You're running out of time.
You must know who you are in
Christ—not
just a saving knowledge of the Lord
Jesus Christ, but I'm talking about who
you are in Christ,
that you have power and authority over
the devil concerning you and your house.
Do
you take your dominion authority
and pray over your children and over
your wife and your husband?
Do
you anoint your head with oil and
your cup runneth over?
Surely goodness and mercy will follow
you all the days of your life.
I believe that we're about to see the
greatest harvest;
it's already started.
I see going into '26 right now.
The protests will increase,
the anti-Semitism will increase,
and protests just like this will even
begin in the streets, even in a greater
way in America,
and
they
will
take place
in Canada.
This is an antichrist spirit with an
antichrist move
bringing forth
civil unrest and civil
peace—it
will start to boil over in the
streets.
It will be in New York, it will be in
LA, it will be in Miami, all in one day.
It will be worse.
They'll react
and obey like a civil unrest that is
worse than BLM.
Antifa will flow within,
paid.
These people are paid.
Greater demonstrations, even in
Europe.
Watch the Olympics.
All throughout Italy, all throughout the
land, a great shaking in the land. The Lord said a
great shaking.
I see buildings shaking.
Italy is about to have a
major shaking.
I see
not Moscow;
Monte Carlo.
They're
trying
to kick this thing off at a
higher level of intensity concerning the
war—the
chess match.
The chess pieces are going back and
forth,
trying to get one to
override the other,
like who's going to throw the first
punch in the bully in the schoolyard.
Where's
that?
That's
Monte Carlo. Is
it
Montreal?
There'll
be such a great shaking
there.
Is that Italy, love?
Yeah,
there's going to be such a great shaking
even in this place.
It's like right next to... it might be
in France,
right next to the border of
Italy—they're
very close.
There's
something—whenever
it was highlighted to me, there's
great corruption at this place.
Monte Carlo,
you
hear me?
And it was highlighted,
I saw rich people all over this place.
And the rich people, there's great
corruption in the wealth in this place.
It's almost like a safe haven for
the wealthy,
a safe haven for rich people,
but great corruption.
Do you hear me?
I'm talking great corruption here,
and there's a shaking coming.
There's a shaking coming to Monte Carlo.
There's a shaking coming to Italy.
There's a shaking coming.
It's like a
toy box.
I hear it, it's a toy box.
But watch the Olympics.
Pray
over this timeframe,
pray
over these protests,
into the first of the year.
I keep seeing January. I see superyachts. I
see the
boats.
There's great occultic practice here.
Italy will be shaken.
The Vatican
will be shaken. All Europe will be
shaken. A great, mighty revival will take
place in Europe.
Looks like a lot of fun places to go.
I see the glory.
Good days are coming for the body of
Christ—a
great harvest. These are days
of great
joy.
I just see
it.
Do you know, whenever you see there's so
much darkness all the time like I see,
and when you see the body of Christ with
smiles on their faces because they see
their fellow brother coming to the Lord,
that's joy.
When you see the lost come to Jesus,
that's joy. That's fun.
And that's what I keep seeing in
these visions tonight: shaking,
trying times to awaken
with glory;
shakings
all happening
and awakenings with great glory
uprising; with anti-Semitism, all the
stuff... I'm telling you, just like
it was with the
ethnic
cleansing, all the things that Hitler tried
to
stand
for—push
them into the sea, get rid of them,
it's the size of New Jersey,
but it's like we wanted to eradicate a
race.
There's
a demonic spirit behind it.
This all has to happen. The
Lord just
said this all has to happen, just like
you're
seeing,
for
the Antichrist is a Muslim.
You are seeing it all unfold in front of
your faces.
You are seeing the Mahdi is about to
take place. Do you see the Mahdi?
It's all setting the stage for a
peace agreement with the Abrahamic Accords,
with all these, with the great peace for
a third temple to be built soon.
All
of
it
is
getting set up.
It's acceleration,
a great
war.
Ezekiel 38 and 39, these major, major
escalations
of
things—we're
just right at the cusp of it,
all throughout Europe, all throughout
this area of great shaking.
And he'll bring peace and safety.
'Everything's going to be okay. I've got
the plan, I've got the idea. Follow me
today.'And
everybody will follow him
because of great turmoil, all this political upheaval, all this
stuff.
And, you know, there
are times
when I'm looking over, I
know that I probably am looking over into
the Tribulation.
I told you I saw Iraq flourishing;
I saw Saudi Arabia flourishing
with great money coming up.
And it was a
demonstration of the wealth
for the Antichrist; that was his area of
influence of where he was coming from.
And you'll see a Middle Eastern rise up
seemingly out of nothing. With Saudi
Arabia, with
the new city across the desert, all the
things they're wanting to do.
We thank you, Lord, for the Holy Ghost.
We thank you, Father, for the Holy
Ghost.
Thank you, Lord, for the Holy Ghost.
Thank you, Lord,
and
even more, even
all over the continent of Africa, all
over the countries, Ghana
and all—you
know, you'll
see an uprising of this anti-Semitism,
pro-Palestinian,
pro-Islam.
It's all setting in line.
He's working on all these people with
a
reprobate mind.
It's all coming in line.
The angels of the Lord are camping around
you today.
They are camped around and about you
today.
Start to anticipate. He says, "Start to
anticipate him to manifest through you
every day.
When you lay hands on the sick, they
will
recover."This
is a promise
that you will lay hands on the sick and
they'll recover.
Act out in boldness and
watch what I will do through you. Act
out in boldness,
shying not away from the things that
I've called you to do. Act out in
boldness in these last days,
expecting me to do
a miracle through you.
And there will be prophetic words that
will flow, and demonstrations,
healings, and deliverances will flow.
Hearts will change.
Hardened hearts toward you will change.
Great favor will flow,
and great open doors, and you will go.
and open doors of
opportunity
that no man can get the glory for.
For I will share no glory with man.
No man will get the glory for
opportunities.
It's like I hear the word they say,
"Well, that's a once-in-a-lifetime
opportunity."That's
a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity,
but those opportunities will come to you
repeatedly.
Once-in-a-lifetime
opportunities will come to you
repeatedly.
Favor will flow.
For this will be a time of great
acceleration of favor,
walking
not in hard labor, but days of
favor.
Things that you struggled with that
seemed to be a plague to you
will break off of you. I'm seeing
people that are dealing with addictions
from pornography to drugs to
alcohol to sexual perversions that seem
like they
would be there for the rest
of your life. You thought, "Well, I'll
just struggle, this is just going to be
there."You'll
wake up and it's going to be
gone.
The struggle is gone. The struggle is
over.
Days of great deliverance
concerning things that have plagued
you and you've been addicted to.
I just believe it, Lord. Thank you. Believe
in
him for new cars. Believe
him for new houses. Believe in him
for clothes. Whatever you have need
of, believe
in
him for it; he'll provide. God
is a God that will provide all you need
according to his riches in glory by
Christ Jesus. No matter what it is,
there's nothing out of reach by your
faith.
Beloved, I wish above all things
that you prosper and be in health, even
as your soul prospers. Every area of
your life being blessed
in the city,
in
the field, to the extreme until it
overflows. I
believe I'm blessed in the city, in the
field, coming in and going out. I
believe, Father, that this is a time of
great acceleration,
and I see him going into the rest of
fall,
October, November, December, believing
for what seems to be impossible.
Financial breakthrough
through certain investments will start
to look like ripe cherries off of a
tree.
The switch is coming on
and ripe
cherries off a tree. It's going to be
low-hanging,
low-bearing
fruit. It's
time
to fill your storehouse full.
If you think what's happened so far
is something,
you've seen nothing yet. He says,
"You've seen nothing yet."Great acceleration is yet
to come
and the blessing and a lot of fun.
Keep your eyes upon him each day.
That's what he just talked about.
Don't get your eyes off
of
the blessing
and don't look at the things around you.
Keep your eyes on him.
Don't let the blessing become a
distraction to you.
Don't let the things around you become a
distraction to you. Keep your
eyes on him.
The storm wind will blow,
but
your house is built upon the rock.
We call peace to the storms of our
lives.
Every plot, every plan, every pursuit,
we thank you, Lord, that you're uncovering
it. And
Father, I thank you. They
will come out against us one way but
they will flee before us seven ways.
They will be defeated before our face.
That
is
my inheritance.
I believe, Father, for great protection
over us in the name of Jesus.
Do you all believe that today?
He's making the crooked way straight.
Well, thank you for joining me tonight.
I didn't mean to keep you so late, but
it's essential,
and
we're so grateful for you
spending time with us tonight. I pray
you have a great rest here in America
tonight. You sleep well,
uninterrupted and unhindered by any
satanic or demonic force.
All around the world, I pray your day is
wonderful as you watch this. I thank you
for all your prayers, for all your
likes, all the comments down below, clicking
the
notification bell, and subscribe if
you haven't subscribed.
Thank you for sticking around and
praying with us.
I pray you're refreshed today and God
gives you wind
underneath your wings or wind in your
sail, that you have the ability
to get the job done because the Holy
Spirit dwells on the inside of you.
He's never left us and he's never
forsaken us. He's given us
great strength to get through this. We're almost
there, folks. We just have a little bit
more of a push.
If you're thirsty, drink today. If
you're hungry, knock. And I believe with
all my heart, God will fill your cup and
fill it up, bringing you spiritual food,
bringing you spiritual drink.
It's never meant for us to be
anemic,
to be
weak, limp-wristed, but to have a
backbone, to be strong in the Lord and
in
the power of his might.
He gave us the power and authority
to tread on serpents and scorpions, and
nothing shall by any means hurt us,
for
the joy of the Lord is our strength,
and we will make it,
and the victory is ours in
Jesus'name.
Well, thank you. Thank you. Thank you
for joining us.
We just want to tell you always to put a
smile on your face
and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all and we'll see you
again.